Dad, can I borrow your camera?
Why?
I'd like to take some photos on the school visit to the museum next week.
They'll be put up on the school website and they can be seen on the internet by other
classes, even people living in other countries.
Sounds great.
When I was at school, we waited for weeks to hear from our pen friends abroad.
But today we can send and receive photos and emails on the internet and it's really
fast.
Yes, the internet and the computer have changed our lives.
We even use online text books in our class.
I wonder, will computers be used more than books in the future?
Perhaps in the past we mainly got information from paper books.
Some were huge ones with thousands of pages.
Today with the invention of the computer and electronic technology, it's easy to get
information on the internet.
The internet is more powerful than books.
Anyway, about the camera.
Oh yes, here it is.
I haven't used it since your mum's birthday and the memory card may be full.
Okay, that can be fixed.
I've got an empty memory card.
Where are the instructions?
In the camera bag.
It's a gift from your mum for my birthday.
So you must promise that you'll take good care of it.
If you have to lend it to anyone, tell them to use it properly.